Team Name: Crank Industries
	John Pyeatt
	Sasha Hall
	Tyler Mauer
	Fahad Shak
	Chakrya Ros
	Warren Fulton

Description
One major problem with students on campus is availability to quiet study areas within libraries. Although these rooms exist, there no efficient way to reserve these study rooms. We will propose a way to solve this issue with our project -- a web-application that will allow students to easily reserve rooms for use. This web-application will be able to display all the available rooms and use the student’s email to reserve the room in their name. 
One benefit our website will provide is its accessibility. Students will be able to reserve rooms online, which eliminates the need to book rooms in person. Also it will be a two-step process where students are able to log-in and choose a room; they will not have to create an account. This allows students to be able to access the resources provided on campus in a simple and effective way. Being able to use the quiet rooms for studying or group meetings will no longer be a hassle for students, but will become a breeze with our web-application because of its easy process for users.

Vision Statement
To improve the learning experience for students all across the library by improving their ability to gain access to the resources they require.

Motivation
Reserving a work room on campus can be difficult, for you have to go to the actual library to sign one out and they might all be reserved. So, we want to offer students accessibility and convenience such that they only need to open their computer to see if there are any rooms available and reserve them if so.

Risks
Lack of experience, lack of access to information about the location the app is based on 

Risk Mitigation Plan
Lack of experience will be handled by communicating with each other and personal research on their topics. Lack of access to resources will first involve contacting areas on campus about working with them on accessing their room information and how they sign out rooms. If they do not wish to work with us we will create our own database of rooms to work with.  

Version Control
Three different git repositories one for group meetings, one for Milestones, and one for our software.

Development Method
Agile preferably without a scrum master, hopefully high amounts of communication can mitigate the need.

Collaboration Tool
In order to collaborate more effectively, we have decided to use Slack as our means of communication.

Proposed Architecture
Web application or mobile applications (perhaps): 
Front end: HTML/CSS 
Integration: NODE.js  
Back end: Python


